docs: add Unstable tests section with Flake Filter page (#836)
chromaui/chromatic-docs: src/content/snapshot/flake-filter.md

![Screenshot of the project settings page showing the "Ignore unstable tests automatically" toggle.](../../images/disable-flake-filter.png)

## Fix unstable tests

Instability is a signal that a test needs attention. To help you diagnose it, every unstable test includes a [Playwright trace](https://playwright.dev/docs/trace-viewer) recorded during the snapshot process.

The trace includes network requests, console logs, and DOM snapshots from the test run, giving you the information you need to pinpoint why the test rendered inconsistently. Learn how to read a trace in [Debug snapshots with the trace viewer](/docs/trace-viewer).

Once you've identified the cause, the [Troubleshooting unstable tests](/docs/troubleshooting-snapshots) page covers common fixes, such as pausing animations, preloading fonts, and seeding randomness.

![Chromatic Tests dashboard showing browser-specific trace links for unstable tests in the Traces column.](../../images/unstable-test-traces.png)

## Frequently asked questions

<details>
<summary>Do auto-ignored tests count toward my snapshot usage?</summary>

> Yes. Chromatic has to capture a test to determine whether it's stable, so ignored tests still count toward your snapshot usage. However, even when Chromatic [captures a test multiple times](#how-it-works) to detect instability, you are only billed for one snapshot per test.

Reviewer: @winkerVSbecks minor issue with the link here:
```suggestion
Yes. Chromatic has to capture a test to determine whether it's stable, so ignored tests still count toward your snapshot usage. However, even when Chromatic [captures a test multiple times](#how-flake-filter-works) to detect instability, you are only billed for one snapshot per test.
```

</details>

![Chromatic Tests dashboard showing unstable tests, with links to Chrome, Firefox, and Safari traces for each test.](../../images/unstable-tests.png)

When Chromatic detects that a test is unstable, it ignores that test automatically so it doesn't require an approval for the build to pass. On the build page, actual changes show up top while ignored tests are grouped separately in a collapsed section below.

![Chromatic test results page showing a list of tests with changes, and collapsed group at the bottom saying 4 unstable tests are auto-ignored.](../../images/unstable-tests-grouped.png)

<div class="aside">

Need to park the changes on a _stable_ test? You can also [ignore tests](/docs/ignore-tests) on a build.

</div>

### Auto-ignores don't persist across builds

Auto-ignoring is scoped to a single build and re-evaluated on every build, so when a test stops flaking, it returns to normal on the next build automatically. Ignoring a test also doesn't affect your [baselines](/docs/branching-and-baselines) unless you take action to accept or deny it, and it doesn't surface changes in the [UI Review](/docs/review) workflow.

> ## Fix unstable tests

Reviewer 2: Does this section belong here anymore? It doesn't seem relevant to flake filter behavior.

Author: I think it is very important because it's letting the user know that this is not a permanent thing. It gets reevaluated constantly.
